Oh
you
the weather has been 95 degrees for five
days in a row Martha five hours under
storm I say we can't complain about a
whole lot the dogs complain too much so
we're going to be doing it about a half
an hour you can have a couple of
cocktails and go for a little swim take
a drive for them yeah that's our daily
routine few cocktails in the afternoon
little swim light lunch dinner later on
night Irene all right it's still day
five ish of this July 19th 20th 1999
type thing here we are two in the
afternoon i believe roughly we're
looking at our campsite from a distance
there's the tent there's the beach
I can't see you anymore
yeah yeah big beauty
hey I'm walking along sandy beaches if
you can believe it British Columbia 90
degrees day 6 Christina Lake warmest
tree line lake in Canada there's our
spot right over there we've been camping
there for five or six days don't even
remember which one it is and we come
across the ways here to the date-time
beach as we like to call it since we've
seen lots of people cruising along here
stopping for the day and it's not very
big its full sand beautiful beach sands
what kind of small you could pitch a
tent but just click the pants the beach
sand I tell you and of course the dog
has been in the water the whole time
cool it off mandy girl not very new oh
closer to the water she's going down to
China on this one Oh her heads in it
no you get that big stick in a little ol
like that she's making castles in the
sand
oh she's wondering why water is coming
into his own so they put this down real
asshole didn't do that picnic on the
boat and go do some swimming see you
there little cloudy down there but we
got some rip and son right here hello
well here we are about eight o'clock
they six Thank sitting out in front of
our campsite little fire going just had
an amazing warm shower left the shower
bag in the Sun all day and while that
water was hot well here we are the last
night of our trip saturday night whoa I
just caught a megablast the lightning I
think so yeah we're having a bit of a
storm just a little bit so the dogs
gonna go investigate then all is that
was that Mandy little bit of rain never
ends the campsite situation we got the
fire going now we're sitting under a
tree just enjoying the wonderful storm
here we are and it's more lightning and
thunder can't have the completion of a
storm unless you see a rainbow I don't
know how much the camera can pick up but
that is one beautiful rainbow so orange
color
beauty so I'm coming back out not all
the way yet put on the mountains
and the blue skies are back that took a
whole two or three hours and we're back
to beauty
stop on the way home Manning park your
20 min lake or right there checking
trails out